c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\obj\Debug\BTC-R.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\BTC-R.dll.config
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\BTC-R.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\BTC-R.pdb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Info.Blockchain.API.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\obj\Debug\BTC-R.dll
c:\users\andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\obj\Debug\BTC-R.pdb
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\obj\Debug\BTC_R.Migrations.Initial.resources
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\obj\Debug\BTC-R.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\obj\Debug\BTC_R.Migrations.sortedfields.resources
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\SendGrid.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Abstractions.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Http.Features.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\Microsoft.Extensions.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\SendGrid.pdb
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\SendGrid.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\System.Text.Encodings.Web.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\obj\Debug\BTC_R.Migrations.Verification.resources
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\Andrew\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\bin\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\Andrew\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BTC-R\BTC-R\obj\Debug\BTC_R.Migrations.LogsAdded.resources
